[13824]Change check static xml discovery test from rtps tests to dds tests (#330)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/discovery/static.rst

|    :end-before: //!                                  |
|    :dedent: 8                                        |
+------------------------------------------------------+

> Checking STATIC EDP XML Files

Reviewer: I suggest moving this section before `STATIC EDP XML Example`. I think it is more logical explaining that there is a way to check the XML validity before showing an example.

Reviewer 2: Moved in [af7f5b8](https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs/pull/330/commits/af7f5b8485581c6a8ec1bc626569cbdb8e7f9f1d)

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Before Load a static EDP xml file, it would be useful to check its validity and make sure the file would be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before loading a static EDP XML file, it would be useful to check its validity and make sure the file will be
```

> successfully loaded. This verification can be performed on DomainParticipantFactory using check_xml_static_discovery,

Reviewer: Please, start new line after `.`

> successfully loaded. This verification can be performed on DomainParticipantFactory using check_xml_static_discovery,

Reviewer: Use a link to the [API reference](https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastdds/api_reference/dds_pim/domain/domainparticipantfactory.html#_CPPv4N8eprosima7fastdds3dds24DomainParticipantFactory26check_xml_static_discoveryERNSt6stringE). This is usually done defining an alias in [this file](https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs/blob/master/docs/03-exports/aliases-api.include).

Also, DomainParticipantFactory could be a cross-reference to the [corresponding section](https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastdds/dds_layer/domain/domainParticipantFactory/domainParticipantFactory.html#domainparticipantfactory)

Reviewer 2: Added in [af7f5b8](https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs/pull/330/commits/af7f5b8485581c6a8ec1bc626569cbdb8e7f9f1d)

> using either xml files or the configuration directly, as in the examples below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using either XML files or the configuration directly, as in the examples below.
```
